feat(update): Update getting started (#287)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/resources/client/particles.md

A `ParticleType` is only necessary if you need to work with particles on the server side. The client can also use `Particle`s directly.
:::

## Custom `ParticleType`s

While for most cases `SimpleParticleType` suffices, it is sometimes necessary to attach additional data to the particle on the server side. This is where a custom `ParticleType` and an associated custom `ParticleOptions` are required. Let's start with the `ParticleOptions`, as that is where the information is actually stored:

```java
public class MyParticleOptions implements ParticleOptions {
    
    // Read and write information, typically for use in commands

>     // Since there is no information in this type, this will be an empty string

Reviewer: Empty string?

public class MyParticleType extends ParticleType<MyParticleOptions> {
    // The boolean parameter again determines whether to limit particles at lower particle settings.
    // See implementation of the MyParticleTypes class near the top of the article for more information.
    public MyParticleType(boolean overrideLimiter) {
        // Pass the deserializer to super.
        super(overrideLimiter);
    }

    @Override
    public MapCodec<MyParticleOptions> codec() {
        return MyParticleOptions.CODEC;
    }

    @Override
    public StreamCodec<? super RegistryFriendlyByteBuf, MyParticleOptions> streamCodec() {
        return MyParticleOptions.STREAM_CODEC;
    }
}
```

... and reference it during [registration][registry]:

```java
public static final Supplier<MyParticleType> MY_CUSTOM_PARTICLE = PARTICLE_TYPES.register(
    "my_custom_particle",
    () -> new MyParticleType(false)
);
```

The registered particle is then passed into `ParticleOptions#getType`:

```java
public class MyParticleOptions implements ParticleOptions {
    
    // ...

    @Override
    public ParticleType<?> getType() {
        return MY_CUSTOM_PARTICLE.get();
    }
}
```

## Particle Descriptions

> Particle descriptions are JSON files in the `assets/<namespace>/particles` directory and has the same name as the [particle type][particletype]. The description takes in a list of textures relative to `assets/<namespace>/textures/particles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Particle descriptions are JSON files in the `assets/<namespace>/particles` directory. A particle description has the same name as its associated [particle type][particletype], and consists of a list of textures relative to `assets/<namespace>/textures/particles`.
```

}
```

> During resource reload, the `ParticleResources` loads all particle descriptions and stitches the textures into a `TextureAtlas#LOCATION_PARTICLES` atlas. Then, a `SpriteSet` is created for each description containing the list of `TextureAtlasSprite`s specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During resource reload, the `ParticleResources` loads all particle descriptions and stitches the textures into the `TextureAtlas#LOCATION_PARTICLES` atlas. Then, a `SpriteSet` is created for each description, containing a list of the specified `TextureAtlasSprite`s.
```
